1. in text strip-types movie.rst (example PIP) elaborate on the example to position a rotated (!) rectangle in the top-right corner. Need some trigonometric functions.
2. adding to default start-up template (e.g. proxy off, ...)
3. Expand extra tools with ffmpeg, handbrake, mediainfo, ...
4. testing out deinterlace with a 1080i file
5. Importing files via file browser (ingest function)
6. Explanation of script to add fields as still_offset_start
7. Expand on premultiplication
8. Animated GIF alternatives? (svgator, https://www.thewwwmagazine.com/6-amazing-svg-animation-tools-and-libraries/)
9. Zoom to playhead (small window with overview of project, large window zoomed in. Something like an image map. Zoom to cursor is possible with VSEQF addon)
10. Import-section: still to do:
    (1) mismatch issues like different lengths of video and audio from the same file (done)
    (2) playback rate will suffer if there is a mismatch between source and render resolutions.
    (3) the problems if the resolution isn't set correct at import, but changed after import and the scaling breaks.
    (4)variable frame rate problems(vfr), where users will need to reencode their footage - but Blender doesn't detect or offers to solve this problem.
    (5) problems if source fps mismatches render fps. 

11.Files/movies can be imported from the Asset manager. Has to be included also in the screenshots. Check where the drag/drop from outliner has been stalled (GSOC target).
12. Description of the Timeline > Playback dropdown (with sync to audio, scrubbing, mute, ...). Where should it land in the table of Contents
13. Timecode style: very well hidden in User preferences > Animation > Timeline. And see also Interface > Editors > Navigation controls (to remove the move and zoom widgets in the preview?)
14. Some background info from tin2tin: The use of the word timecode, is typically referred to as embedded in the metadata of a file or as an audio track with the timecode(sounds like the good old noise from a modem). I don't know if the definition is less restricted these days, but you may have to check up on that. There was some discussion when the Time panel was made, whether or not to call it timecode, but for the above mentioned reason it was called time.
15. Section Timeline > Move. Better the word View (Change view). Move is used for Transform (G). Moving the playhead is called navigation.
17. Overlay menu covered?

18. Transform tool no performace hit with addon; see https://developer.blender.org/D11533




